More doc for Gridset compatibility check (#9261)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/layer-settings.md

    <img src="../img/layer-settings/warning_info.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:300px;"/>

!!!warning

>     The Gridset compatibility check made by MapStore whose result is shown by the Info tooltip, is usually quite reliable but should be considered anyway only to provide general matching indicators aimed at highlighting possible compatibility issues between the current layer/map settings and the remote Tile Grid. Due to the cache tolerance considered on the server side by GWC, it might even happen in some cases that the settings available on the client side don't HIT the tile cache even if all the checks listed are successful. At the same time, when the default setting strategy is used, gridsets with different origins for different levels of the TileMatrix are not considered by the check and this may result in a check failure even if all WMS request are effectively HITING the cache.  

Reviewer: `Strategy` is a dev way to implement it. In doc and tooltips we talk about custom and standard gridset.

```suggestion
    The Gridset compatibility check made by MapStore whose result is shown by the Info tooltip, is usually quite reliable but should be considered anyway only to provide general matching indicators aimed at highlighting possible compatibility issues between the current layer/map settings and the remote Tile Grid. Due to the cache tolerance considered on the server side by GWC, it might even happen in some cases that the settings available on the client side don't HIT the tile cache even if all the checks listed are successful. At the same time, when the standard gridset is used, gridsets check may fail even if all WMS request are effectively HITTING the cache (e.g. because the WMTS reports a list of origins).
```
